## Source code for the 'Energy Smart SFC Orchestrator (ESSO)' paper

*Note:* _The terms NFV-POD and CO are used interchangeably in this repository._

The [run_simulation.ipynb](run_simulation.ipynb) notebook demonstrates how to run a simulation. 

Repository directory/file structure:
* `data`: contains rocketfuel raw data, code to generate SFC requests, and generated datasets used in the paper
  * Each dataset is contained in its own directory under `data`. Each dataset directory **must** contain the following files to run a simulation 
    * `co_topology.dat`: contains the inter-NFV-POD/inter-CO topology, CO2 emission rates, and flag to denote whether renewable energy is available at a NFV-POD
    * `timeslots.dat`: contains SFC arrival events and their details (number of VNF, their type, bandwidth, latency) distributed over timeslots. 
    * `vnf_types.dat`: contains information about VNF types. The `flavor-id` listed in this file is referenced from the SFCs in `timeslots.dat`. 
    * `init_topology`: this file is generated by running the program `process_topology`, which parses the `co_topology.dat` file to generate an initial topology for both inter- and intra-NFV-POD network. This network represents the overall network topology along with the inernal topology (server racks, ToR switch) of the NFV-POD. The [run_simulation.ipynb](run_simulation.ipynb) demonstrates this process as well. 
    
    File formats with samples are explained in detail in [data/README.md](data/README.md). The `data` directory also contains a file named `greencap.dat`. This file lists randomized renewabel energy data for 24 hours. In each run of the simulation the file is shuffled, and renewable energy for NFV-PODs are selected from it based on the flag included in the `co_topology.dat` file. 
* `runs`: conatins files and directories generated during a simulation (additional details in [run_simulation.ipynb](run_simulation.ipynb))
* `src`: some randomly typed files!
